README.md, before:

<a id="readme-top"></a>

<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/francotechadmin/budget-plus">
    <img src="public/logo.png" alt="Logo" width="80" height="80">
  </a>

<h3 align="center">Budget Plus</h3>

  <p align="center">
    An awesome project to manage your budget!
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/francotechadmin/budget-plus"><strong>Explore the docs »</strong></a>
    <br />
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/francotechadmin/budget-plus/issues/new?labels=bug&template=bug-report---.md">Report Bug</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/francotechadmin/budget-plus/issues/new?labels=enhancement&template=feature-request---.md">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<details>
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#about-the-project">About The Project</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#built-with">Built With</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#getting-started">Getting Started</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#prerequisites">Prerequisites</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li><a href="#usage">Usage</a></li>
    <li><a href="#roadmap">Roadmap</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contributing">Contributing</a></li>
    <li><a href="#license">License</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contact">Contact</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>

<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->

## About The Project

[![Product Name Screen Shot][screenshot]](https://github.com/francotechadmin/budget-plus)

Budget+ is a personal finance app that makes it easy to see your total balance, categorize your transactions, and set budgets so you can save more money. It's a simple and easy-to-use app that helps you keep track of your finances and stay on top of your spending.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

### Built With

- [![React][React.js]][React-url]
- [![FastAPI][FastAPI]][FastAPI-url]
- [![PostgreSQL][PostgreSQL]][PostgreSQL-url]
- [![ShadCN][ShadCN]][ShadCN-url]

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## Getting Started

This is an example of how you may give instructions on setting up your project locally.
To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Running the App

To run the app locally using Docker, follow these steps:

1. Build the Docker images:

   ```sh
   docker-compose build
   ```

2. Start the Docker containers:

   ```sh
   docker-compose up
   ```

3. Open your browser and navigate to `http://localhost:3000` to see the app in action.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

### Prerequisites

Need to have the following installed:

- Docker

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- USAGE EXAMPLES -->

## Usage

Add transactions to your account, categorize them, and view charts to keep track of your spending.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ROADMAP -->

## Roadmap

- [ ] Add support for transactions from any bank
- [ ] Add user authentication and authorization
- [ ] Create budget tracking and alerts
- [ ] Integrate with external financial APIs
- [ ] Add multi-currency support
- [ ] Create mobile app version

See the [open issues](https://github.com/francotechadmin/budget-plus/issues) for a full list of proposed features (and known issues).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

If you have a suggestion that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request. You can also simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".
Don't forget to give the project a star! Thanks again!

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## License

Distributed under the MIT License.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTACT -->

## Contact

Gabriel Franco - [francoxgabriel@gmail.com](mailto:francoxgabriel@gmail.com)

Project Link: [https://github.com/francotechadmin/budget-plus](https://github.com/francotechadmin/budget-plus)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

[React.js]: https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB
[React-url]: https://reactjs.org/
[FastAPI-url]: https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/
[FastAPI]: https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-005571?style=for-the-badge&logo=fastapi
[PostgreSQL]: https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-316192?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white
[PostgreSQL-url]: https://www.postgresql.org/
[ShadCN]: https://img.shields.io/badge/ShadCN-005571?style=for-the-badge&logo=shadcn
[ShadCN-url]: https://shadcn.com/
[screenshot]: public/app_screenshot.png

Commit message:

Update README.md to include technology stack and add Elasticsearch badge

README.md, after:

<a id="readme-top"></a>

<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/francotechadmin/budget-plus">
    <img src="public/logo.png" alt="Logo" width="80" height="80">
  </a>

<h3 align="center">Budget Plus</h3>

  <p align="center">
    An awesome project to manage your budget!
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/francotechadmin/budget-plus"><strong>Explore the docs »</strong></a>
    <br />
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/francotechadmin/budget-plus/issues/new?labels=bug&template=bug-report---.md">Report Bug</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/francotechadmin/budget-plus/issues/new?labels=enhancement&template=feature-request---.md">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<details>
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#about-the-project">About The Project</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#built-with">Built With</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#getting-started">Getting Started</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#prerequisites">Prerequisites</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li><a href="#usage">Usage</a></li>
    <li><a href="#roadmap">Roadmap</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contributing">Contributing</a></li>
    <li><a href="#license">License</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contact">Contact</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>

<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->

## About The Project

[![Product Name Screen Shot][screenshot]](https://github.com/francotechadmin/budget-plus)

Budget+ is a personal finance app that makes it easy to see your total balance, categorize your transactions, and set budgets so you can save more money. It's a simple and easy-to-use app that helps you keep track of your finances and stay on top of your spending.

The app is built using React, FastAPI, PostgreSQL, and Elasticsearch. Elasticsearch is used for categorizing transactions.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

### Built With

- [![React][React.js]][React-url]
- [![FastAPI][FastAPI]][FastAPI-url]
- [![PostgreSQL][PostgreSQL]][PostgreSQL-url]
- [![ShadCN][ShadCN]][ShadCN-url]
- [![Elasticsearch][Elasticsearch]][Elasticsearch-url]

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Running the App

To run the app locally using Docker, follow these steps:

1. Build the Docker images:

   ```sh
   docker-compose build
   ```

2. Start the Docker containers:

   ```sh
   docker-compose up
   ```

3. Open your browser and navigate to `http://localhost:3000` to see the app in action.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

### Prerequisites

Need to have the following installed:

- Docker

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- USAGE EXAMPLES -->

## Usage

Add transactions to your account, categorize them, and view charts to keep track of your spending.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ROADMAP -->

## Roadmap

- [ ] Add support for transactions from any bank
- [ ] Add user authentication and authorization
- [ ] Create budget tracking and alerts
- [ ] Integrate with external financial APIs
- [ ] Add multi-currency support
- [ ] Create mobile app version

See the [open issues](https://github.com/francotechadmin/budget-plus/issues) for a full list of proposed features (and known issues).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

If you have a suggestion that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request. You can also simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".
Don't forget to give the project a star! Thanks again!

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## License

Distributed under the MIT License.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTACT -->

## Contact

Gabriel Franco - [francoxgabriel@gmail.com](mailto:francoxgabriel@gmail.com)

Project Link: [https://github.com/francotechadmin/budget-plus](https://github.com/francotechadmin/budget-plus)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

[React.js]: https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB
[React-url]: https://reactjs.org/
[FastAPI-url]: https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/
[FastAPI]: https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-005571?style=for-the-badge&logo=fastapi
[PostgreSQL]: https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-316192?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white
[PostgreSQL-url]: https://www.postgresql.org/
[ShadCN]: https://img.shields.io/badge/ShadCN-005571?style=for-the-badge&logo=shadcn
[ShadCN-url]: https://shadcn.com/
[screenshot]: public/app_screenshot.png
[Elasticsearch]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Elasticsearch-005571?style=for-the-badge&logo=elasticsearch
[Elasticsearch-url]: https://www.elastic.co/elasticsearch/
